At Apple, we believe in hard work, a fun environment,
 and the creativity and innovation that only comes about when hardworking people
 from diverse backgrounds approach problems from varying perspectives The people here at Apple don’t just build products
 — they craft the kind of wonder that’s revolutionized entire industries. It’s the diversity of those people and their ideas that encourages the innovation that runs through everything we do,
 from amazing technology to industry-leading environmental efforts. Join Apple, and help us leave the world better than we found it!
 Building this environment starts with YOU!  At Apple, new ideas have a way of becoming extraordinary products, services,
 and customer experiences very quickly. If you bring passion and dedication to your job and there's no telling what you could accomplish.
 This is a visible and important role at Apple in China and will have great impact on Sales Team. The individual in this role will be
 responsible for interpreting quantitative data and developing statistical models to forecast and monitor sales demand & supply for
 sales analytics team.

 3+ years of related hands-on experience in software development and quality engineering.
 2 years+ of hands-on data modeling and data engineering experience.
 Strong expertise in dimensional modeling and data warehousing
 Database design and development experience with relational or NoSQL databases such as MySQL/ Postgres/Teradata/Hbase
 Experience in design and development of custom ETL pipelines using SQL and scripting languages
 Hands-on experience with Big-Data platforms like Kafka, Spark, Flink, Pig, etc
 Conduct complex data computation, analysis, and report on results
 Evaluate business needs and build the corresponding data pipeline
 Explore ways to enhance data quality and reliability
 Analytical and mathematical mind, capable of evaluating and solving various complex problems
 Ability to work individually or as part of a team
 Ability to learn quickly in a fast-paced environment
 Excellent oral and written communication skills